chore: add some docs on versioning (#686)
mineiros-io/terramate: README.md

You can also check our [live example](https://github.com/mineiros-io/terramate-example-code-generation).

## Versioning

> Terramate is currently in a `v0.<MAJOR>.<MINOR|PATCH>` versioning scheme
> applying the same concepts of [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) but
> in a slightly different way.
> 
> Both `MINOR` and `PATCH` are managed together. So a change from v0.1.0 to
> v0.1.1 means that no backward incompatible changes were made and you may
> have fixes and new features.
> 
> A change from v0.1.1 to v0.2.0 indicates that backwards compatibility
> is not guaranteed between the releases (a `MAJOR` change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terramate follows the principles of [Semantic Versioning (SemVer)].

Given a version number `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`, we increment the:

1. `MAJOR` version when we make incompatible changes,
2. `MINOR` version when we add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
3. `PATCH` version when we make backwards compatible bug fixes.

### Backwards compatibility in `0.0.z` and `0.y.z` version

- Backwards compatibility in versions `0.0.z` is **not guaranteed** when `z` is increased. (Initial development)
- Backwards compatibility in versions `0.y.z` is **not guaranteed** when `y` is increased. (Pre-release)
```
